Verifications API
This project is developed for automated testing of the Verifications API. The endpoint used was https://private-538b1b-verificationsrv.apiary-mock.com/ 

Test Cases
Positive
- Create Verification
- Start Verification
- Upload Image
- Download report

Negative
- Create verification with invalid webhoon url
- Start verification with invalid id
- Upload invalid Image
- Download report with invalid id

The URI's are referred from the discovery api and the subsequent responses. 
This makes the test cases independent of the changes in URI's

Assertions is made on the HTTP response code and the JSON schema. 
Some assertions are also made on the response message content.

All the negative test cases are failing because the Mock API always returns a positive response for incorrect requests as well.

Framework
All the test cases are available in the TestCases.java class.
EncodeImage.java class encodes the .jpg image to Base64 as is required in the Upload Image request.

REST Assured for API Testing.
Rest assured makes testing of http requests easier. It also provides the given, when and then format to write tests which are easier to understand.

TestNG is used as the testing framework.
Testing frameworks makes writing test cases easy. It aslo provides features like setup and grouping fo tests.

Maven is used for dependency management and build.
We are using multiple libraries and Maven makes it extremely easy to make available all required libraries automatedly.
Also less configuration is required to build tests on a new machine.

JSON schema is validated for all cases using json-schema-validator (https://github.com/fge/json-schema-formats)

Additional things which could have been possible
- All negative test cases could be automated. But as there is not proper response for negative tests, this could not be done.
- Verification of Webhook
  I tried with a  temporary webhook. But I noticed that there is nothing being posted on it (Probably because it is mock).
  If there was more time I and a proper api, I would like to investigate how this can be automated to test subsequent requests.
  
  
CircleCI
